DOC-6137 Misleading distribution statement (#176)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/shared-bucket-access.adoc

It is the means by which Sync Gateway becomes aware of non-Sync Gateway data changes and obtains the mobile metadata it requires to replicate changes.
Any link:glossary.adoc#non-sync-gateway[non-Sync Gateway change] is eligible for import.

> NOTE: By default import processing is switched-off and should only be enabled on one node

Reviewer: Should we add something version specific, just in case folks don't doublecheck? Or is that messing up the general approach?

```suggestion
NOTE: By default import processing is disabled in version 2.6 and earlier and should only be enabled on one node
```
